src/app/components/popovers/docs/API.md, before:

# [nglPopover]

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| `[nglPopover]` | The body as string or the connected template reference to show. | string \| TemplateRef | |
| `[nglPopoverHeader]` | The header as string or the connected template reference to show. | string \| TemplateRef | |
| `[nglPopoverFooter]` | The footer as string or the connected template reference to show. | string \| TemplateRef | |
| `[nglPopoverOpen]` | Whether the floating popover is visible. Be sure to use two-way binding, for example: `[(nglPopoverOpen)]="open"`. | boolean | |
| `[nglPopoverPlacement]` | Position relative to host element. | 'top' \| 'top-left' \| 'top-right' \| 'right' \| 'right-top' \| 'right-bottom' \| 'bottom' \| 'bottom-left' \| 'bottom-right' \| 'left' \| 'left-top' \| 'left-bottom' | 'top' |
| `[nglPopoverVariant]` | Determines the variant of the popover. |  'walkthrough' \| 'feature' \| 'warning' \| 'error' \| 'panel' | |
| `[nglPopoverSize]` | Determines the size of the popover. | 'small' \| 'medium' \| 'large' \| 'full-width' | |
| `[nglPopoverClass]` | Extra class(es) you want to apply to SVG element. | ngClass | |
| `[nglPopoverCloseTitle]` | Close button title (and assistive text). | string | 'Close dialog' | |
| `(nglPopoverOpenChange)` | Emit an event when the popover should show or hide. | boolean \| 'x' \| 'backdrop' \| 'escape' |

Commit message:

feat(popovers): control close button visibility from input

src/app/components/popovers/docs/API.md, after:

# [nglPopover]

| Property | Description | Type | Default |
| -------- | ----------- | ---- | ------- |
| `[nglPopover]` | The body as string or the connected template reference to show. | string \| TemplateRef | |
| `[nglPopoverHeader]` | The header as string or the connected template reference to show. | string \| TemplateRef | |
| `[nglPopoverFooter]` | The footer as string or the connected template reference to show. | string \| TemplateRef | |
| `[nglPopoverOpen]` | Whether the floating popover is visible. Be sure to use two-way binding, for example: `[(nglPopoverOpen)]="open"`. | boolean | |
| `[nglPopoverPlacement]` | Position relative to host element. | 'top' \| 'top-left' \| 'top-right' \| 'right' \| 'right-top' \| 'right-bottom' \| 'bottom' \| 'bottom-left' \| 'bottom-right' \| 'left' \| 'left-top' \| 'left-bottom' | 'top' |
| `[nglPopoverVariant]` | Determines the variant of the popover. |  'walkthrough' \| 'feature' \| 'warning' \| 'error' \| 'panel' | |
| `[nglPopoverSize]` | Determines the size of the popover. | 'small' \| 'medium' \| 'large' \| 'full-width' | |
| `[nglPopoverClass]` | Extra class(es) you want to apply to SVG element. | ngClass | |
| `[nglPopoverCloseVisible]` | Whether or not to override the close button's visibility, if `(nglPopoverOpenChange)` is bound. | boolean | true |
| `[nglPopoverCloseTitle]` | Close button title (and assistive text). | string | 'Close dialog' | |
| `(nglPopoverOpenChange)` | Emit an event when the popover should show or hide. | boolean \| 'x' \| 'backdrop' \| 'escape' |
